# Approaching-new-Code

As the tech world grows and changes and code gets more and more abstract it is important to remember that we are life long learners. No one can know everything when it comes to coding, but we can adopt conventions to help guide us on our learning adventures.

## Chunk by Chunk
When we come across unfamiliar code or frameworks before you try to dive into the code on each page and find yourself overwhelmed take a look at the bigger picture. Take time to see how directories and files affect the overall application and how they contribute. When you are ready to break down the code itself take time to see the naming conventions for functions and classes as these can give valuable insight to their purpose. There are always cases where naming was not well thought out and are just plain confusing. These cases will take much more time and take a lot of playing around to get an understanding. Also take time to see where these functions are being called. Now you can dive into the smaller pieces of the code. For this the best understanding comes from going over it line by line and see what data is required in each line and how it is affected and passed on. If you keep to this process and stay patient when it gets confusing and uncomfortable, you will soon have a deep understanding of whatever code you are trying to learn. As you learn more and more your scope of learning will also grow and you will start understanding the bigger picture of a new language or framework a little quicker each time!
